[Music]
so Carin asks what he calls the million
dooll question should small businesses
advertise on Google or Facebook uh just
to annoy you Carin the answer is both
but not in the way you think so Facebook
is currently cheaper per click than
Google however Google is more buyer
orientated because people search with
intent you know they I am looking for X
or you know I need assistance with y
so on Facebook you're pushing ads into
people's timelines and essentially
interrupting them whereas on Google
you're not people are actively searching
so it's it's quite a different approach
one's push one's pull essentially how do
we use Google and Facebook together so
what we do is promote content on
Facebook first and that's based on
interests uh and answering pain points
for example that are appropriate to your
industry and business this is completely
non sales and very ear early funnel
stuff so very early in the buying cycle
just to educate people on your product
or service um and so it's just content
designed to orientate people and give
guidance essentially so as you drive
people to your content on your website
your Facebook pixel which you should
have instored is collecting them
anonymously in a audience list you can
use that list to retarget them on
Facebook but I'd still advise more
educator content at this stage don't go
for the sales pitch straight away but
this is where Google comes in and so you
know using Facebook to drive cost
effective clicks to your content on your
website at the same time your Google
remarketing code which you should have
installed uh we'll be collecting these
people in another list so with this
Google audience instead of paying for
keywords uh in the traditional sense you
can pay to only put your ads in front of
your audience so these are people that
have already visited your website and
you know what they've looked at and you
can put a relevant ad in front of them
I've just done a quick diagram to
explain this so this is one of our live
content Loops as you can see we drive
people to the relevant content first and
these can be blog posts guides uh
downloads all sorts uh then we push a
more sort of action orientated piece to
them this might be uh like a guide or an
ebook that shows them what to do then
finally we push our credentials to them
so they've shown that they're interested
they've downloaded something to help
them do it and then for the portion of
people that actually want it done for
them we show them case studies and
completely transparent pricing this is
the final Sweet Spot in Google AdWords
we can remarket to these people for much
much cheaper clicks than paying for
direct traffic from keyword searches so
we know once people get to this stage if
they then look in this example for a
payperclick agency uh or company or
whatever it may be we know that they're
very very warm and in our Marketplace
those keywords can be anywhere from 15
to 30 a click incredibly expensive using
this method we're getting them for two
three4 at most a click which is a
significant cost saving I mean massive
so maybe I shouldn't be talking about
this but never mind um so yeah so
essentially this process allows you to
uh qualify sorry this process allows
people to qualify themselves first uh by
their interest and then continue to warm
themselves up as they move through each
step to the point where you can actually
put
a more salesy piece in front of them or
keep everything on Facebook non salesy
and once they're on Google put the sales
pitch in front of them I.E the advert
hope that helps Colin cheers